You
You
Hello
You
Hello
Mateo, can you hear me?
Yes
How are you? How are you?
Good. Where are you calling from?
Sorry, what did you say? I'm here too well.
Where are you calling it from?
From where?
I'm from Venezuela.
Caracas, again.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, I'm from Latin American.
Beautiful.
Yeah, it is really beautiful.
You know, it's Latin America.
There's a lot of things going on.
Yeah, yeah.
I know Venezuela has a lot going on with the election president.
Yeah, yeah, man. It's really crazy.
But well, we tried the best, you know, first.
So
I read all about the job.
I had some question.
Is this a full-time job or something like a house time?
Yeah, this would be part time.
For time. So four four hours, something like that.
Depends each day is going to be different.
All right.
It also depends how fast you work.
Right now I'm doing all the tagging myself.
So I have a really good understanding on like how long it should take.
So we might do something like either hourly or like per entry.
But yeah, that's kind of how.
We're structuring the project.
Yeah, yeah, I already I suppose you do the marketing, right?
Yeah.
I do marketing too.
I already work in, you know, instantly I.
And yeah, it was just like me.
I was in the marketing and repetitive response.
But I know.
Sometimes there's a lot of work, you know, and you can do it yourself.
So yeah, I know I that's my number one rule being fast.
I think the fast you can respond to someone.
The better chance you get a sale or something like that, depending on the audience. Right.
Yeah, 100%.
Could you talk about a few of your prior projects with data entry automation.
Well, using a CRM.
Yeah, I'm a.
Well, let's talk about the data entry.
I was doing data entry and manually generation for a US company.
So I was, you know, looking for the prospects and linking putty.
In the Google ships and.
And check on the on the CRM.
I was using hotspot by the time.
And then I.
Well, with that data entry, I was getting a hundred leads a day in eight hours.
So I had to be fast, you know, yeah, a hundred leads daily.
It's a lot.
So.
I do some certifications from hotspot and on email marketing and how to handle their CRM.
Then I started working with a friend from Spain.
I was creating doing all the warfalls, tagging properties, everything on the hotspot CRM, you know.
And then you also responding to emails.
Yes, yes, I had to respond to emails.
Also, after that, I was doing.
This lead generation to this was we accompany in Dominican Republic.
I had to, you know, engage with people.
I had to, you know, try to, you know, to put this person on the sales pipeline.
And I had to chat to people on Instagram and respond on Instagram, Facebook.
I was managing all these social media platforms, you know, so.
I really, I really good.
We all these.
So.
It went pretty well after that.
My most recent job was we.
Another company in the NSA.
And I wasn't sure of the email marketing.
And as I say, I was doing all the marketing.
And then I was, you know, replying the positive prayer please engaging with the prospects.
Some of the negative I was you looking away to make them interested again, certain like that.
So yeah, I was responding on instantly that it's.
Really like.
This tool.
It's smartly.
So.
Then I was doing and sending these people in a form to sales force manually.
So I had to check.
Sorry, what did you say?
Have you used smartly before?
Yeah, one time with the.
With this company on Dominican Republic.
I was wondering where you are launching the campaign.
Yeah, yeah, I was watching the campaigns there and replying to the.
To these people from the campaigns.
I went nothing chair of the marketing, but I was doing their responses.
And then you put the entry into sales force from smart lead.
No, by the time I was moving from.
Not only to.
Yes, I was.
I was using by that time the hotspot CRM.
Okay.
It's very similar.
What we're doing is running campaigns on smart deed and then putting the data.
And the prices that we get from clients into a CRM on air table.
So you put it on the on the air table, right?
Yeah.
Have you used air table?
Yes, yes.
And I have not working a lot with it, but you know, I know about it.
Do you have any other background skills?
Sorry, what did you say?
I don't hear it well.
Like any other skills besides digital marketing.
What are like your secondary skills?
Well, I'm really touched, say, be let's say.
And I'm really proficient with.
We, you know, any problem that.
That probably happened is we are looking someone to find a solution.
I really the person will, you know, do a extensive research or anything else to.
To look it for a solution, right?
Let's say you have.
A Google listing and you don't know how to do it or.
You want to delete or want to create a new one.
You want a solution for that.
Or if you don't remember the password and you don't have the email.
I look for a solution for things like it.
I'm really proficient with chat GPD, so.
I use it a lot.
And yeah, because you know.
To give the barrier response, you have to.
To have some prompts and something like that.
Then you have idea and.
Give the best response to to the clients, right?
Yep.
Make sense.
Anything else you want to know?
Yeah, did you have any other questions?
Well, my, my, my question was at least, you know, there.
How many times was it work?
And yeah, it's sadly.
What was the role?
It's sadly about so.
Yeah, it's pretty clear that.
You know, I wrote to the campaigns artists from sales or.
Or use normal responses.
Was it said again?
Is it for, you know, a response for selling something?
Or is it just not my response from the.
You know, for the influencers?
So we're emailing the influencers, giving them a brand deal.
So say, hey.
Influencer number one, what is your.
Pricing for an Instagram post.
And then we want them to respond like, hey, my Instagram rate is $500 for a post.
And then you put his name and his price into air table.
All right.
Yeah.
So it's not super complicated.
The, there's a few edge cases where.
You're going to have to respond to the creator because they have some questions.
But then that's where you can use chat GPT.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I mean when, when you had to do a specific, you know,
replies when people ask something different, a question.
When they answer question, it's going to be the role of this.
Like their responsibility to.
Look at our campaign brief and the brief has the answers to all the questions a creator might ask.
And then you basically just respond.
And then the tagging the tagging portion is labeling whether the creator was interested, not interested.
And then if they were interested and they gave the pricing, then you can.
Select another tag that basically says like, okay, it was added to air table.
And then sometimes the.
The creator has like a location in a niche.
And then there's like a couple things just to add to the CRM like about that person.
All right, I got it.
Yeah, it looks really simple.
It's something that I have really doing in the past.
Well, that was my last job on the email marketing.
Awesome.
So I have about six more interviews.
It looks like almost all of them are charging ten dollars or below.
So I'm curious if you're pricing is firm at 20.
Or if it's flexible.
All right, what do you say at the last?
I don't hear it pretty well.
I was asking me if your rate is flexible.
If the rate is is flexible.
Yeah.
Well, let's look.
It was just then, right?
Are you funny?
But a lot of the other people that applied put 10.
So I just wanted to be transparent.
Because we'll probably go with someone closer to 10.
Yeah, yeah, it is possible to 10.
I do me proposal for 10.
Okay.
Yeah, no, there's no problem with that.
Okay, great.
Awesome.
And you prefer a viewer.
Yes.
Okay.
Cool.
Nice to meet you, Aver.
Nice to meet you, Matt.
So we see in the chat.
I think I guess you had some more interviews, right?
Yeah, some more interviews.
And I'm going to talk to my team.
And I'll message you when I have more information.
All right.
Well, nice to meet you, Matt.
Hope you like what I do.
And we'll talk there.
Aver.
Adios.
Awesome.
Have a nice night.
